The leaders from this city are quite polite, aren't they?
It's a shame I'm still so worried about you
If I remember correctly
This is your old subordinate
Are you all comrades?
Chen Gaishi, we didn't stop him from barging in.
This is little sister-in-law
She's really watery.
But a rural spirit
I'm afraid I can't enter the Rong family's door
Chen Qian is Rong Zhaonan
Have been working hard to transform
be proactive
Hey stop talking
He is indeed making progress
Good, keep up the good work.
Let's go check the next one
This leader seems like a nice person.
He didn't embarrass you, did he?
What's wrong with your hand?
They did it
It's alright, it'll be fine later.
How did that happen?
I'm going to get the medicine.
Don't take it, the medicine is too expensive
They often embarrass you, let's save it.
You care about me
Are we grasshoppers on a rope?
Don't be discouraged.
Days will get better soon
You can definitely go back to the capital
Are you so sure?
Well, dragons don't get stuck in shallows
Rong Grow Up, you must be able to do it.
You can go back to the capital.
Honor will die
Rongzhao male bastard